(blog)100daysofgatsby challenge 9 (#21771)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/blog/100days/seo/index.md

## Challenge 9: Help Your Site Rank No. 1 in Search Engines
In a previous challenge we asked you to make your site's [forms and images more accessible](/blog/100days/accessibility/) so all people can view and interact with your content. This week we invite you to do the same for robots - namely the search engine "spiders" that crawl the web, indexing and ranking webpages.

Good news - Gatsby gives you a head start to strong [search engine optimization (SEO)](/docs/seo/), similar to the way our framework helps you with accessibility. Gatsby sites are blazing fast, which is a [positive ranking factor for Google](https://backlinko.com/hub/seo/pagespeed). Also, Gatsby sites avoid some common SEO pitfalls of React projects by creating navigation between routes that search engine spiders understand how to crawl. 

An underappreciated feature of Gatsby is the [prefetching of pages](/docs/routing/#performance-and-prefetching) which makes a site feel snappy and dramatically more engaging. This may reduce user bounce rates and ["pogo sticking"](https://backlinko.com/hub/seo/pogosticking) which is a major *negative* ranking factor for Google. 

> Today we're going beyond the default SEO features of Gatsby, and moving on to advanced enhacencements. Use the SEO resources below to make your Gatsby site competitve in search rankings! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today we're going beyond the default SEO features of Gatsby, and moving on to advanced enhancements. Use the SEO resources below to make your Gatsby site competitive in search rankings! 
```
